docs: add max length for `name` to docs `policy_assignment` resources (#21549)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/management_group_policy_assignment.html.markdown

* `management_group_id` - (Required) The ID of the Management Group. Changing this forces a new Policy Assignment to be created.

> * `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Policy Assignment. Changing this forces a new Policy Assignment to be created. Cannot exceed 24 characters in length.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Policy Assignment. Possible values must be between 3 and 24 characters in length. Changing this forces a new Policy Assignment to be created.
```
